# Missions

## MissionSimplePayment

Basic test to complete a payment on a small network of nodes.

## MissionComplexTopology

Complete basic payment load generation on an asymmetric network topology.

## MissionInMemoryMode

Complete basic payment and Soroban load generation on a network with in-memory watcher nodes.

## MissionLoadGeneration

Complete extended payment load generation (sustained tx rate) on a small network of nodes.

## MissionLoadGenerationWithSpikes

Complete extended payment load generation (sustained tx rate with periodic spikes) on a small network of nodes.

## MissionLoadGenerationWithTxSetLimit

Complete extended payment load generation while triggering surge pricing on a small network of nodes.

## MissionMixedImageLoadGeneration

Complete extended payment load generation while triggering surge pricing with mixed version images on a small network of nodes. Tests both old image majority and new image majority.

## MissionHistoryGenerateAndCatchup

Test catchup to generated ledger state for each protocol version.

## MissionHistoryPubnetMinimumCatchup

Perform minimum catchup to Public Network. Runs core `catchup current/0` command under the hood.

## MissionHistoryPubnetRecentCatchup

Perform recent catchup to Public Network. Runs core `catchup current/1001` command under the hood.

## MissionHistoryPubnetCompleteCatchup

Perform full catchup to Public Network. Runs core `catchup current/max` command under the hood.

## MissionHistoryPubnetParallelCatchup

Perform full catchup to Public Network, but in parallel to improve performance. Runs batches of recent catchup commands under the hood.

## MissionHistoryPubnetParallelCatchupExtrawide

Perform full parallel catchup to Public Network, but with increased parallelism.

## MissionHistoryPubnetPerformance

Perform recent catchup to a fixed ledger and time bucket application and ledger replay portions of catchup.

## MissionHistoryTestnetMinimumCatchup

Perform minimum catchup to Test Network. Runs core `catchup current/0` command under the hood.

## MissionHistoryTestnetRecentCatchup

Perform recent catchup to Test Network. Runs core `catchup current/1001` command under the hood.

## MissionHistoryTestnetCompleteCatchup

Perform full catchup to Test Network. Runs core `catchup current/max` command under the hood.

## MissionHistoryTestnetParallelCatchup

Perform full catchup to Test Network, but in parallel to improve performance. Runs batches of recent catchup commands under the hood.

## MissionHistoryTestnetPerformance

Perform recent catchup to a fixed ledger and time bucket application and ledger replay portions of catchup.

## MissionVersionMixConsensus

Complete basic payments load generation on a network with mixed version images, old and new images are started with an existing ledger state (as opposed to starting from genesis).

## MissionVersionMixNewCatchupToOld

Complete catchup on new image to state generated by old image.

## MissionVersionMixOldCatchupToNew

Complete catchup on old image to state generated by new image.

## MissionProtocolUpgradeTestnet

Test protocol upgrade on a fork of Test Network.

## MissionProtocolUpgradePubnet

Test protocol upgrade on a fork of Public Network.

## MissionProtocolUpgradeWithLoad

Test protocol upgrade on a small network of nodes with load generation to produce non-empty ledgers at upgrade time.

## MissionDatabaseInplaceUpgrade

Upgrade core image with the existing state, perform any migrations.

## MissionAcceptanceUnitTests

Run stellar-core acceptance tests that take a long time.

## MissionSimulatePubnet

Simulate Public Network topology and throughput based on user-supplied distributions derived from network stats.

## MissionSimulatePubnetTier1Perf

Stress test a network of simulated Tier1 topology with classic traffic and report maximum achieved throughput.

## MissionSorobanLoadGeneration

Test heavy Soroban load on a large network of nodes. This mission mostly focuses on high-bandwidth traffic, and its impact on SCP and overlay. Apply time is simulated to avoid noise from database backends.

## MissionSorobanConfigUpgrades

Test various upgrade scenarios for Soroban network configs (maximum transaction size, maximum transaction count, etc).

## MissionSorobanInvokeHostLoad

Test resource-intensive InvokeHostFunction operations on a small network of nodes.

## MissionSorobanCatchupWithPrevAndCurr

Test catchup to ledger state that spans multiple protocols supporting Soroban.

## MissionMaxTPSMixed

Stress test a network of simulated Tier1 topology with a mix of classic and soroban traffic and report maximum achieved throughput.
